# The-Gaming-Room
1. The Gaming Room currently has a game application, Draw It or Lose It, that was created for Android systems. They are interested in expanding their gaming app to multiple platforms using various software patterns in a distributed environment. They would like to evaluate the three traditional operating platforms (Linux, Mac, and Windows), as well as mobile platforms, to determine how the game application software could be deployed and run. They request characteristics, advantages, and weaknesses of each platform to help inform their decision on the benefits of each platform and its utility in a distributed environment. Draw It or Lose It is a multi-user game application that must run multiple instances of the game at once with other players and teams. To ensure there are no duplicate instances of the game at the point of saving, the application must check to ensure that the name chosen by the user is not already in use. We must also consider how storage and memory are managed in each platform and how management differs. Often, individual instances of the game will prompt users to save the new game being played.
2. Specifically in this document, the way I related complex ideas to real-world scenarios will help The Gaming Room have a better understanding of the software process. This way, they can make more informed decisions, which in turn helps us developers better cater to their requests. 
3. The UML diagram was helpful when developing the code. It was the blueprint that I needed for designing the classes and their important attributes. Making sure the correct connections were made and nothing was left out.
4. If I were to revise one part of my work, it would be the executive summary. There is not enough elaboration on what the company is asking for and how to execute it. A good executive summary ensures the right development outcome. 
5. It is very important to consider the user’s needs when designing. As developers, we are here to help make users' lives easier. We can help people manage large corporate businesses, small businesses, and even provide entertainment like Draw It or Lose It. We are the constructors of the digital world, and just like those of the physical world, we are here to give users comfort and efficiency.
6. Again, I find the UML diagrams very helpful. Tasks are much easier to complete when they are mapped out and set down on paper. This way, nothing is left behind, and steps can be completed in an organized way, so you are not creating half a class and then having to stop and create the other one needed for the one you started.
